Update documentation (#275)
onflow/cadence: docs/language.md

   The type `T` must be a supertype of the type of the copied structure.
   If it is not, the function returns `nil`.

>    The given type must not necessarily be exactly the same as the type of the copied structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The given type does not necessarily need to be exactly the same as the type of the copied structure.
```
